This module was focused very specifically on just method‑level security.
To enable this,
we went through the configuration, and we did that
through enabling the method‑level security.
We talked about the pre and post annotations, we used the @Secured
annotation, and we talked about what the JSR250 annotation is, just that
it will go through and do a cross‑framework annotation, which we opted to
just use Spring's Secured annotation.
Then we showed a successful implementation of security
and talked about how it does require you to have a role
user in the database, in fact,
your user will not log in without that role user, and we showed a
failure, in that it would give us a 403 error back if we didn't have permissions to access that from the server.